Add ROS 2 Record & Replay and Fast DDS Spy descriptions (#146)
eProsima/vulcanexus: docs/rst/introduction/tools/fastddsspy.rst

.. _vulcanexus_fastddsspy:

Fast DDS Spy
============

> *Fast DDS Spy* is CLI interactive tool that allows to introspect a ROS 2 network in human readable format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Fast DDS Spy* is CLI interactive tool that allows the introspection of a ROS 2 network in human readable format.
```

It is possible to query the network about the Participants connected, their endpoints (Publishers and Subscriptions) and the topics they communicate in.
It is also possible to see the user data sent through network topics in a schematic format in run time.

Overview
--------

> *Fast DDS Spy* is a tool that introspect or "sniffing" DDS packages in the network and maintain a local database that is accessible from a interactive CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Fast DDS Spy* is a tool that introspects or "sniffs" DDS packages in the network and maintain a local database that is accessible from a interactive CLI.
```
Maybe "captures" is a better wording for what this does.

> *Fast DDS Spy* responds to user commands introduced by text and print in ``stdin`` the information requested.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Fast DDS Spy* responds to user commands introduced by text and prints to ``stdout`` the information requested.
```

This tool has several commands to interact with, that allows to get information regarding the status of the network.

> It supports to list topics existing, list Participants, Publishers, Subscriptions and even read user data in real time in a human readable format.

Reviewer: I think support + gerund is the correct way of writing this, but I'm not 100% positive.

.. figure:: /rst/figures/intro/tools/fastddsspy/fastddsspy.png
    :align: center

*Fast DDS Spy* is easily configurable and installed with a default setup, so that DDS topics, data types and entities are automatically discovered without the need to specify the types of data.

> This is because this tool exploits the DynamicTypes functionality of `eProsima Fast DDS <https://fast-dds.docs.eprosima.com>`_, the C++ implementation of the `DDS (Data Distribution Service) Specification <https://www.omg.org/spec/DDS/About-DDS/>`_ defined by the `Object Management Group (OMG) <https://www.omg.org/>`_.

Reviewer: `exploits` sounds so.. _negative_, almost as if it is not intended. `Leverages` might be better.
